Add nullable (#44)
disneystreaming/alloy: README.md

}
```

### alloy#nullable

> Smithy does not make a difference between a missing value and a null but some Interface Definition Language (IDL) can. This trait can be used to express this distinction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smithy does not make a distinction between a missing value and `null` but some Interface Definition Languages (IDL) can. This trait can be used to express this distinction.
```

}
```

### alloy#defaultValue

Smithy 2.0 introduces the [`@default` trait](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/type-refinement-traits.html#default-trait)

```smithy

> ```

Reviewer 2: an empty code fence looks suspicious
